here's a video demonstration of the new
stereo in the DeLorean get the iPad Mini
mounted where the old radio and center
console events used to be we have new
vents to replace the ones that were in
the center console so these are in the
knee pad now I have a vent there an
event on the driver's side basically
turn the key near the power antenna
moving up in the rear and the iPad
automatically comes on and will start
playing your last song in this case
Jimmy Buffett
in any case you've got all kinds of
different settings here go to maps give
you a map where you are GPS everything
like that the cool thing is to go to
Google Voice and let's say you want to
go somewhere how do I get to Dallas
Texas here are your direction let's say
I want to go there I'll tap the map
takes me in the Google Maps plotting my
route alright this is the only option
it's giving me so we'll we'll hit that
one
there's my list of directions and if I
want turn-by-turn I just hit start and
it zooms in so pretty cool there but all
kinds of great features here right from
the iPad the thing I like about it is it
controls every aspect of this stereo no
need to use a head unit at all anymore
you can use your tuner you know find
your local radio stations adjust the
volume throughout the car we got
Bluetooth phone so if I hit this my
phone is linked on my iPhone I should
say is linked to the head unit which is
hidden in the car now I hit voice I can
voice call anyone it'll use Siri off my
phone to call them and it's all
hands-free using the microphone that I
installed in the car so pretty
state-of-the-art here for the 1981
DeLorean but really happy with this I've
always wanted something to make the car
look a little more modern on the inside
and here we go so hopefully everyone
likes that we've got some other option